
When i am asked to describe the ideal house, that i would love to own and mainly love to live in in the future, i get this feeling that basically says something between "well, i have no idea" and "well, i have never thought about that", even though i have lived in multiple types of housing until now, i don't think that i really know, how the house would look like, what materials, what kind of furniture and so on.
However the thing that i can say for sure would be the location, or at least the country where the house would be located in, and that would be Japan, since European way of thinking and dealing with stuff is not really my cup of tea and as an IT specialist i would love to work in country that is one of the technological giants.
For the type of location i would choose either some outskirts of a bigger city or a medium to smaller city, since i already have lived in those kinds of locations and i find them ideal for family and lonely life. However the exact location of the house isn't really relevant to me, main problem would be if the building was literally next to the main road.
Since i have lived in both of the most usual types of accommodations (family house and super small flat/apartment), i would love to live in a family house much more then the small flat (talking about something like 1kk size of flat/apartment).
However the biggest problem for me would be choosing the furniture, i am the type of guy who sees even a bed frame as a waste of money, only furniture that i would buy for sure is a heavy, good quality wooden table, and maybe a computer chair, however the wouldn't be mandatory since mainly i sit on yoga ball instead of chair.
For the size of the rooms, i think that i only care about the bathroom and the kitchen, since i don't like to be cramped when i am brushing my teeth and for the kitchen, when i am cooking something i usually need more space.
For the outside part of the house i would love to have a garden and garage. In Japan to get the permission of getting a car you need a parking spot for it, either it is on the parking lot, that has a parking spot assigned for you, or on your property. And since i am the type of person that loves to thinker with things i need some space to store all my tools and thanks to the policy, a spot for my car. On the garden i would love to grow my own vegetables, since they usually taste better.
That's probably it, i don't that there is anything else that would be the as detrimental to mention here.